NARRATOR Dendemille Town
and Anistar City
are our heroes'
next destinations,
and the Gym battle for Ash's
seventh Kalos badge awaits.
Good?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Can I brush Braixen, too?
‐ Of course.
Yippee yay!
[EXCITED]
PANCHAM/CHESPIN
[EXERTION]
[SURPRISED]
[INTRIGUED]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest
to be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A not‐so‐flying start."
‐ Let's get going.
‐ Sure.
Luxray and Bunnelby, return!
ASH
'Return!'
DEDENNE
[SLEEPING]
[EXERTION]
Where's Hawlucha?
It's been a while
since I've seen it.
[ALARMED]
Right. Hey, Hawlucha!
HAWLUCHA
[WORRIED]
ASH
'Whoa, what's that?'
PIKACHU/HAWLUCHA
[CURIOUS]/[EXPLAINING]
‐ Is this what I think it is?
‐ A Pokémon Egg!
Yeah? A Pokémon Egg?
I've never seen one before!
So what kind
of Pokémon Egg is it?
You can't tell
just by looking at it.
Hawlucha,
where did you get this egg?
[EXPLAINING]
HAWLUCHA
[EXERTION]
ASH
You found it here?
HAWLUCHA
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Maybe we can find the nest.
[INTRIGUED]
Wow, it's glowing!
[EXCITED]
It might be close to hatching!
What should I do?
[ALARMED]
It's going to hatch!
It's going to!
Ash? I think you're supposed
to keep it warm.
Right! Just leave it to me!
PIKACHU/HAWLUCHA
[INTERESTED]
Yay! I'll help you
keep it warm, too!
Bonnie! Calm down!
You've got to be
very careful with that egg!
I know, I know!
DEDENNE/FLETCHINDER
[EXCITED]/[HELPFUL]
You, too? Wow, that's really
very nice of you, Fletchinder.
Things are looking really good.
I can't wait for it to hatch!
[AMAZED]
[EXCITED]
Look at that.
It's moving, it's moving!
‐ Won't be long .
‐ You can do it!
[all gasping]
[PANICKED]
ASH
Whoa!
[laughter]
‐ It hatched!
‐ That's amazing!
[AGREEMENT]
[CURIOUS]
What is it?
POKEDEX 'Noibat.
The Sound Wave Pokémon.'
'Noibat can cause damage as well
as create hearing problems'
'for its opponents
by emitting different'
'sound wave frequencies.'
‐ How about that? A Noibat.
‐ Cutie!
Wow, a Noibat!
BONNIE
It opened its eyes!
Hi.
[EXCITED]
[CONFUSED]
My name's Ash.
And this is Pikachu.
[HAPPY]
‐ I'm Clemont.
‐ I'm Serena!
‐ My name's Bonnie!
‐ And this is Dedenne.
DEDENNE/HAWLUCHA/CHESPIN/PANCHAM
[EXCITED]/[FRIENDLY]
FLETCHINDER/PANCHAM
[HAPPY]/[ANNOYED]
Fletchinder helped a lot
by warming up the egg like that.
How do you mean?
Fletchinder has an ability
called Flame Body
that can actually help
Pokémon Eggs
hatch a lot quicker.
Wow.
Thanks, Fletchinder.
You were great.
FLETCHINDER/NOIBAT
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[ANXIOUS]
[UNHAPPY]
[SUPERSONIC MOVE]
[screaming]
That's Noibat's Supersonic.
[PAINED]
Noibat. It's alright.
You don't have to cry.
NOIBAT
[WORRIED]
Everything's fine.
Hey, it stopped.
Do you think petting it helped?
I'm not sure.
I'll bet you're hungry, right?
Its favorite foods are
right here. It says "berries."
Berries, huh?
‐ What do you think?
‐ Looks good to me!
Dedenne, would you pick one?
DEDENNE
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
Okay, here you are!
[SUPERSONIC MOVE]
[REFUSAL]
But don't you want it?
Maybe you don't like
berries that much.
But that can't be true.
Look, yummy berry..
Yuck! That's sour!
It says right here
that Noibat can tell
how ripe a berry
is with sound waves.
‐ Wow, you can do that, Noibat?
‐ So, it's a foodie.
NOIBAT
[AGREEMENT]
PANCHAM/HAWLUCHA/CHESPIN
[THOUGHTFUL]
[EXERTION]
[EXCITED]
NOIBAT
[SUPERSONIC MOVE]
[UNHAPPY]/[REFUSAL]
Guess they're sour.
So it doesn't like any of these?
[CURIOUS]
[SUPERSONIC MOVE]
[EXCITED]
Huh? This?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Here you go!
[HAPPY]
Mmm. It's really sweet!
Let's see.
Tastes great!
CHESPIN
[THOUGHTFUL]
[EATING]
[SHOCKED]/[DISGUSTED]
Sour, huh?
Noibat can really
pick out the ripe ones.
CHESPIN
[AGREEMENT]/[EMBARRASSED]
ASH
'Don't spill it, okay?'
NOIBAT
[DRINKING]
[HAPPY]
That should do it.
Where are you going?
NOIBAT
[EXERTION]
I think it's trying to fly.
[all laughing]
[PANICKED]
Uh‐oh!
[SUPERSONIC MOVE]
[UPSET]
ASH
'You're okay.'
‐ Did that hurt?
‐ It stopped.
Maybe it thinks Ash
is its caregiver.
Now, let's try it once more.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Way to go, Noibat.
‐ You can do it.
[ALARMED]
[FEARFUL]
There. I got you.
[HAPPY]
BONNIE Maybe it can't fly
because it's so little.
Well, they're supposed
to be able to fly
as soon as they hatch.
I'll bet there's
a trick to flying.
Just like knowing
the trick to riding a bicycle.
A Noibat that can't fly
is useless.
JAMES
Hmm.
Here it is.
It evolves into a Noivern.
‐ And that's useful!
‐ Noivern? That is useful.
I can see it now.
Our newest Team Rocket member.
Waste not, want not.
Listen up!
The plan is to catch Noibat
and force it to evolve
into Noivern, right?
‐ Yes, ma'am!
Ready, Noibat? Time to fly!
PIKACHU/HAWLUCHA/FLETCHINDER
[EXPLAINING]
NOIBAT
[CURIOUS]
Yeah! You teaching Noibat
is a great idea!
Of course!
You'll be great examples!
[EXERTION]
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
NOIBAT
[ANXIOUS]
PIKACHU/FLETCHINDER
[CONCERNED]
What's it doing wrong,
Fletchinder?
[INTRIGUED]
Hey, Ash?
Maybe Noibat should start out
by learning how to glide
on the currents of the wind.
Wow, that would work great.
Yeah, Hawlucha,
would you teach it how?
HAWLUCHA
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
HAWLUCHA
[EXPLAINING]
NOIBAT
[INTERESTED]
[EXCITED]
HAWLUCHA
[PROUD]
‐ You're doing great.
‐ Good job!
NOIBAT/HAWLUCHA
[ALARMED]/[CONCERNED]
[WORRIED]
HAWLUCHA/PIKACHU
[COMFORTING]/[EXCITED]
Thanks a lot, Hawlucha.
NOIBAT
[UNHAPPY]
Flying's not easy, huh?
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
Hawlucha,
do you have any other ideas?
HAWLUCHA
[THOUGHTFUL]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT
This is a stroke of genius!
There's a constant wind
blowing way up here
so it's the perfect place
to practice riding the currents!
HAWLUCHA
[EXERTION]
[CALLING]
ASH
Ready, Noibat?
Let's give it a shot!
You can do it!
FLETCHINDER/CHESPIN/PANCHAM
[AGREEMENT]
NOIBAT
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
FLETCHINDER
[PROUD]
BONNIE
You're flying!
‐ Looking good!
‐ Keep it up!
HAWLUCHA
[ALARMED]
[gasping]
ASH
I know that balloon!
Prepare for trouble,
this balloon knows you!
And make it double,
it's silly but true!
To protect the world
from devastation!
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce the evils
of truth and love!
We reached down low
and grabbed from above!
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
JAMES Surrender now or prepare
for one flighty fight!
Meowth, that's right!
Giving up this Noibat
will make it much easier on you.
After all, being a Twerp
is hard enough!
MEOWTH 'We're happy
to lighten your load.'
Give them both back!
Noibat's still a little Pokémon!
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
You're little too. No excuses!
We'll treat that little tyke
like nothing less than precious
Pokémon gold,
and very soon it will evolve
into a nifty Noivern!
Get back here! Fletchinder!
Steel Wing, let's go!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[STEEL WING MOVE]
Okay, Inkay, out!
[APPEARING]
[ATTACK]
FLETCHINDER
[PAINED]
[Ash panting]
[grunting]
Here, curveball!
[Team Rocket laughing]
[thinking]
That Team Rocket!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Altaria!
ALTARIA
[EXERTION]
FLETCHINDER
[TIRED]
[PLEASED]
Better, huh?
FLETCHINDER
[EXCITED]/[EXERTION]
‐ Thank goodness!
‐ Now, go!
[EXERTION]
Relax. No sense
getting into a tizzy.
[ANNOYED]
[SUPERSONIC MOVE]
[snickering]
NOIBAT
[CONFUSED]
Screech all you want
'cause we can't hear you.
Your Supersonic's a dud.
With protective headphones,
that is.
You see, three pairs
of screechless ears
are happy ears!
But we can still hear
each other's words of wisdom.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
It's state‐of‐the‐art
Team Rocket tech!
HAWLUCHA
[ANNOYED]
NOIBAT
[HOPEFUL]/[EXERTION]
If you don't learn to fly,
we'll have to give you the boot.
HAWLUCHA
[ANGRY]
JESSIE
Huh?
[EXERTION]
[ANGRY]
Featherbrain can't fly either.
I thought it was supposed
to be smart.
We saw you soar,
so don't be a bore.
[CONFUSED]
How are we going to make Noibat
evolve already?
Hold. Looking for ways
to make a Noibat evolve.
Isn't there some way
to get this evolutionary show
on the road immediately?
'We don't need to use a stone
or wait for a certain time'
'to make it evolve, right?'
'Tell me it's not one
of those annoying Pokémon.'
Maybe we could
just turn it upside down!
[APPEARING]
‐ Well?
‐ Found it!
It says, "Raise it."
‐ That's work!
‐ Mm‐hmm.
That's part of the fun.
Take you. I've raised you well!
Noibat's not worth it.
Just where do you two
think you're going?
Go, Inkay!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
INKAY
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
HAWLUCHA/NOIBAT
[CALLING]/[WORRIED]
[EXERTION]
NOIBAT
[PANICKED]
HAWLUCHA
[ALARMED]/[EXERTION]
Grr. Okay, Pumpkaboo, fetch!
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
You get in there as well, Inkay!
Bad, bad Hawlucha!
You're going to pay for this!
‐ No more nice guys.
‐ Nasty always wins!
[EXERTION]
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
HAWLUCHA
[EXERTION]
[DETERMINED]
HAWLUCHA/NOIBAT
[COMFORTING]/[WORRIED]
[ATTACK]
INKAY/PUMPKABOO
[PAINED]/[ALARMED]
[HAPPY]
INKAY/PUMPKABOO
[ANGRY]
HAWLUCHA
[TIRED]
NOIBAT
[INTRIGUED]
HAWLUCHA
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[CURIOUS]
[EXPLAINING]
‐ Perfect!
‐ Nice work!
JESSIE Great. So we go in there
and get them out.
You two can stay outside
and stand guard.
Good idea, we'll chase them out
quicker than you can say
Double‐Twerp Pokémon ambush.
That's when you grab them.
Understand?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
That plan is top‐notch.
FLETCHINDER
[INTERESTED]
JESSIE
Hey, it's pitch black in here.
Watch where
you're planting your feet.
‐ Pokémon troublemakers.
‐ Hey, Hawlucha.
Come out right now! Let's go!
'A real fight!
Unfair and square!'
HAWLUCHA/NOIBAT
[ANGRY]/[ALARMED]
HAWLUCHA
[CURIOUS]
[SUPERSONIC MOVE]
JESSIE
'Show your foolish face!'
JAMES Cowering is for cowards,
you know!
JESSIE
And make it snappy!
NOIBAT/HAWLUCHA
[EXPLAINING]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
No!
What in the world was that?
Alright! What's the big idea?
‐ I swear I didn't do anything!
‐ Yeah, I'm clean, too!
JESSIE 'Oh, yeah? Who else could
have done it? Fess up!'
I'm innocent, I tell you!
NOIBAT/HAWLUCHA
[EXPLAINING]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
Ugh. This isn't logical.
Ah!
[groaning]
JESSIE
What?
You just struck me
in retaliation.
That wasn't me.
Maybe it was Meowth.
MEOWTH
'I'm not that stupid!'
NOIBAT/HAWLUCHA
[EXPLAINING]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
Ahh!
[SUPERSONIC MOVE]
[Team Rocket screaming]
INKAY
[CURIOUS]
INKAY/PUMPKABOO
[PSYBEAM MOVE][DARK PULSE MOVE]
[Team Rocket screaming]
[HAPPY]
[Team Rocket coughing]
‐ That was uncalled for!
‐ We're on the same team!
[ALARMED]
INKAY/PUMPKABOO
[APOLOGETIC]
FLETCHINDER
[EXERTION]
Team Rocket!
Give back Hawlucha and Noibat!
Even if we wanted to,
we don't know where they are.
‐ Just more of your lies!
‐ They're getting old!
You're getting dumb! Quick,
Pumpkaboo, use Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
ASH
Dodge it!
Frogadier, I choose you!
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Now! Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Dodge it!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Use Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Use Aerial Ace!
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
INKAY/PUMPKABOO
[PAINED]
FROGADIER
[EXERTION]
Alright, Pikachu, Thunderbolt,
let's go!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[Team Rocket screaming]
It's ironic
that Noibat can't fly
but it's no problem for us.
Perhaps we should teach a course
and charge for it.
Meowth always
has the best ideas.
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
[CALLING]
Wow, it's Hawlucha and Noibat.
Are you two okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Thanks for looking after Noibat,
Hawlucha!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EATING]
[HAPPY]
Now have you had enough to eat?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Great!
So shall we be
getting on our way?
Yeah, let's go.
Noibat? What are you gonna do?
[CONFUSED]
I know! Maybe you can
come along with us.
[AGREEMENT]/[HAPPY]
[Ash laughing]
[EXCITED]
I knew Noibat thought you were
its caregiver all along!
Lucky.
[HAPPY]
Yup. Glad you're here.
Yeah! I caught a Noibat!
[EXCITED]
Yay. Noibat!
Alright! Come on out!
[APPEARING]
[EXCITED]
You know, I bet if we
all put our heads together
we could teach it to fly.
Bet you're right!
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
Hey, Hawlucha,
keep an eye on Noibat, okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
NARRATOR A Pokémon Egg
has wondrously hatched!
Noibat has now joined
our heroes on their journey
along with dreams of someday
flying the great blue skies
as the journey continues.
[theme music]